the famous that position and that so many successes achieved before those in triples
returns once again with his fifth chapter of no city and stoke
city ​​to corrupt confine dinerito yes will be dressing for platforms
pc and cox kits that feels inadequate
it's been usual
in this way dissent with TV with a completely new story
this time the action was in the alternative venezuela in which a
dangerous rebel group has taken control of the country after overthrowing the
inside
no politician what follows is a great focus of instability has been created in
the western zone threatens a possible nuclear attack
That is why the United States invests in the place of its two best
undercover agents with the goal of trying to end this dramatic
situation
packer
precisely this last one is one of the main changes that he touched
present in their mechanics since for the first time while they are men and not
four the protagonists of the event
a specialist in those who decide in this regard
but that's not all, since its characteristic view will be left behind
in the third person we must now make a subjective perspective, because what
we will find a shooter of pure and hard action
before the FARC and that we will be able to control both countries
on Tuesday with the push of a button while the ceteg takes over
pilots team members but luckily we will also have the option of
play the main adventure the cooperative mode to both split screen
fuel taking in this case each player included that of a leader they
technically even though looking at these images it may seem that the title
will be at the height of other major milestones of activity without graphic engine
First and foremost, a people aware that it is not enough to destroy almost
any element of our environment
in this powerful way but in our game so the tactical component
again be a very important factor
Game development
to enjoy all this
much more we will not have to wait too long
the one who competes in the one that has planned their departure for this first
quarter of the year it has already been confirmed that together a fun way
Cooperative will also feature several competitive modalities 1